we all lose the people that are
important in our lives and that's okay
because today we are graduating but some
day we won't be here some day we are all
going to die especially your girlfriends
please talk about spoiler alert
this is a perfect hiding place yes
unless someone throws my calculator
against the wall oh I hope it's our son
retroviral hyperplasia I never told you
its genetic
you've known that all this time and you
pick now to tell me you think I care
about you look at my fingernails my skin
is peeling off like a goblin look gross
you know what
I'm not even gonna over react to this
you've lived a pretty long life plus we
have like tons of money and disease it's
coming for you you really we're done I
hate you son here have my life's work
thanks Willa Beals
you close the lid for the weekend yes
brother oh right
use a bright idea why don't you make
sure the lid is closed before someone
falls in from three stories up and
electrically mutates the crap out of
themselves just because you were too
lazy to safely run this electric eel
power plant Oh fine
hey telling a guy up there Hey look
someone did almost fall in the day I
need your blood man it could save my
life I don't know it seems so unsafe it
could kill you oh my gosh dude not gonna
inject it straight into my arm got a
team of experts scientists that work
your blood into a cure oh all right then
I'll meet with your scientists it's not
like I want you to die or anything
course you don't
we're best friends Peter one who's Peter
you're not even disguising your voice
Wow that's actually really impressive
watch I never considered dubstep dubstep
yeah dubstep man kids love that stuff I
bet you'd be great at it Oh
you're in first time right now oh what's
going on I did not see this coming did
you do it man you you use time travel to
save your girlfriend now you use it to
save mine right I haven't done that
since the 70s dude I'm I'm trying to not
do that anymore large head man you turn
back time right now fix this I'm losing
it
she was my everything I know but I just
can't change look my parents my uncle
dad loved it I even thought I saw my
daddy Quinn's grave I know what's really
more man hey just but just calm down
okay look at yourself this is not you I
will shoot this mortal man in the face
easy there kid let's not I mean you
couldn't shoot me if you want to do it
was that because I'm faster than a
speeding bullet
no because I'm Batman you stop you're
not helping
come on Parker the city needs you I know
this is hard but but this is what
defines you yeah plus there's this giant
Rhino conveniently terrorizing the block
right now for you
come back nobody cares the cops can
handle it I did I know and I will turn
back time I can't it's just dude really
turn back to town I can't yes you can
it's not that sad or no not right I miss
her so much
take it easy back to back good so we're
moving to London you reverse time how
did you know that because I'm dead
you